1. Daedalus was kept locked up in a tower by the King of Crete as he had knowledge of the Labyrinth that the King did not want to be let out. In turn Daedalus's son  Icarus was also a prisoner. The King had both land and sea escapes blocked out so Daedalus devised a plan; he crafted two sets of wings for his son and him to use to fly and escape. Daedalus told his son Icarus to not fly too close to the sun or sea because the sun's heat would melt the wax in the wings and the sea's foam would soak the feathers. However, when the two made their escape, Icarus was too taken away by the feeling of flight that he flew too high, causing his wings to fail. In turn, Icarus fell to his death in the water below.
2. The tale of Daedalus and Icarus appears to me to address the topic of focus, more specifically, for one to not lose focus even in the most distracting of circumstances. Icarus was warned by Daedalus very clearly what to not do and why, yet the thrill of the moment took away his inhibitions. Very often, we are faced with temptation and obstacles during our tasks, sometimes with obvious consequences, yet sometimes we falter and succumb to these distractions. Icarus's death serves as an extreme warning to always remain focused on the task at hand, the consequences for not will almost always outweigh the distraction's short-term benefits.
3. Daedalus and Icarus describes a young boy's tragic fate due to overconfidence and an overly free attitude. This story is an allegory to describe the importance for people to not shoot too highly as their failure may be even higher. In the tale, Icarus was warned to not go too high nor too low during his flying escape, as both would result in his downfall. These consequences represent the pitfalls for those who aim too low or too high; people with no ambition will be unlikely to obtain success and those who are overly ambitious may find themselves in dangerous failure.  During his flight, Icarus was warned repeatedly by his father of the risks of flying too high or too low, yet he found himself unable to follow Daedalus's instructions as the joy of flight was too distracting. Similarly, when one is overly ambitious or distracted, they will likely be unable to remember previously stated warnings or risks, ultimately leading to their downfall. If Icarus had instead flown somewhere in the middle, he may have survived and escaped to his freedom. In life, people must be mindful to not have too much or too little ambition in their lives. Instead, they must be realistic with their goals