1. Luke seems to strongly embody the mythic pattern of the hero. His parents were most definitely distinguished as his mother was a senator and his father was one of the strongest jedi. His father was a sort of king in that he was a leader among the Empire. Luke's conception was extremely difficult as his mother was dying and they required emergency medical help to be delivered. He was then raised by his aunt and uncle, who were in a significantly less prestigious position. Luke's story then shows him growing up and discovering the story behind his parents and eventually facing off with his father in combat. Afterwards, Luke achieves rank, honor, and acknowledgement by most other people. I find it curious that there was no mention of a prophecy behind Luke's story, an element that is often present in other heroes' stories.
2. Luke, Jason, Theseus, and Odysseus and seem to share a lineage of powerful families. They then must go on a journey to overcome several obstacles along with several allies to aid them.
3. Luke meets several different types of people and grows a deep bond with them, yet is somewhat haunted by his father; the possibility of transforming into a villain is a possibility for him, an internal fight he must conquer.
4. Harry Potter most definitely embodies the mythic pattern of the hero. Harry comes from a parents who were considered to be good people and wizards, yet grows-up with the Dudleys, who were extremely mean people overall. There is also an extremely important prophecy that describes him defeating Voldemort, and point that plays a large role in almost all events. His story then goes through around 7 years of his personal growth, seeking to fight and overcome Voldemort. He already has some degree of fame yet learns to earn his honor and acknowledgement through his own personal actions.