# Chicken Fiesta
This is the pinnacle of fiestas, celebrating the legendary avians

## Put Respek on Their Name
Eggs, Chicken Pot Pie, Soy Sauce Chicken, these are only some of the few great products made possible by chickens.

Any way you think about it, these legendary animals have grown up and evolved alongside us, they are truly man's best friend.

They probably are the descendants of dinosaurs, that's lit as fuck fam.

## Learn the Anatomy
It's important to understand the different body parts of chickens:
- __head__: that's where their humungous brains are held
- __breast__: that's the super efficient protein rich food, great for gym gains
- __wings__: legit the most delicious part of the chicken, fight me
- __thighs__: i take it back i forgot about chicken thighs, i get hungry thinking about them
- __feet__: chinese people eat these they're actually not bad

## Famous Chickens
Here are some influential chickens you may or may not have heard of

### Philip the 13th
Actually the king of small island off the west coast of Ethiopia, Philip maintained full control over his people for well over 200 years.

### Kanye West
Yeezy himself is actually a chicken operating a megazord in the shape of a human being.

Despite being high-profile he had impressively kept up his facade until he was exposed on December 14th, 2020 when the electoral college voted him in.

A quote directly from Kanye himself:
> When you're the absolute best, you get hated on the most, fuk you CalWushu

Even more interesting, yeezy exposed himself before he was elected when he explicitly said:
> I'm like a machine. I'm a robot. You cannot offend a robot.

### Chicken Parmesan
Yesterday before class I had breakfast with Dom and had a chicken parm at the diner. It was actually was pretty good not gonna lie.

As a result I have an updated list of goals for the future:
- [x] Don't die on a Boeing airplane
- [ ] Get good at wushu
- [ ] Be good at coding
- [ ] Do well in school
- [x] Get a S'well bottle
- [ ] Eat more chicken parms


