 # Greek Mythology

---

## August

### 28

**Anthropomorphism** the attribution of human characteristics or behavior to a god, animal, or object.

**Cosmology** how the universe is structured and operates now

**Cosmogony** how the universe was created in the beginning

**Muses** 

- all are female
- inspire creativity

**Ouranos and Gaia** are together until the titans sever their bond to allow for room for life in between the sky and earth

Children:

- The Titans
- The Cyclopes
- The Hundred-Handers

These children have physical imperfections, a foreshadowing to their inability to rule and succeed

---

## September

### 04

**pregnancy envy**: the idea that men become envious when a women becomes pregnant with a child that is not theirs

The Greeks associated monsters or monstrosity with womens, or femininity 

**castration**

- separation of sky and earth
- myth and psychoanalysis
- the sickle (used by Gaia and Cronus against Ouranus)
- love and hate

**Cronus**

- the youngest child
- father time
- becomes sky god of the second generation
- Rhea becomes his wife, and by extension, the earth goddess of the second generation
- swallows his children, but now looks pregnant (done out of fear of his children)

**Zeus** 

*God of the Sky*

- Thunder and Lightning
- Lightning is a phallic symbol

Metis: Zeus's first wife, who's name means cunning. Zeus swallowed her and gave birth to Athena

Swallows his children as he fears being overthrown like his father, but now looks pregnant

Eventually his wife, Rhea, tires of this and feeds a rock one day in place of Zeus

He is raised on Crete, a place that is extremely significant to the earth goddess. Essentially the opposite place that a sky god should belong

Eventually, Gaia does not like that Zeus has become powerful with the support of the earth. She sets the Titans against him and creates other monsters to oppose him.

*Key Points*

- Sky vs. Earth
- Strength vs. Intelligence
- Greeks vs. Barbarians

Thetis, mother of Achilles, convinces Zeus to help the Trojans

**Trojan War**

*Greek Side*

- Hera
- Poseidon
- Athena

*Trojan Side*

- Aphrodite

Note: Zeus is not supposed to support a side

### 09

*Idea: humans are defined by what they eat. we are not gods because we eat*

**Essay Question**: Through his intervention on behalf of humans, Prometheus creates the institution of sacrifice. What is the function of this ritual and how does it use  food to differentiate humans from gods? Pay particular attention to the role of "bellies" in this story.

The Greeks did not really believe that Zeus was good or loved humans. Therefore they had to explain why good things happened ->

**Prometheus**

- Prometheus and his brother Mi define human intelligence:
  - Prometheus defines foresight
  - Mi defines hindsight
- Thought to love humankind, *Philanthropia*
- Flood story is used to explain how Zeus tries to punish/kill the humans
- All of human skill and science was Prometheus' gift

**Origins of Sacrifice**

- an etiological (explanatory) myth
- man is what he eats
- two portions:
  - Zeus: Prometheus gives him the good portions covered with the belly (good portion is hidden)
  - Humans: Prometheus gives humans bones covered with shining fat (bad portion but disguised as good)
- humans are "hidden packages", we look like gods, but have bellies which we must fill to survive