In the future I aim to contribute to the computer science as a software developer. I would prefer to work on software solutions that benefit the general public such as geo spatial mapping or systems to aid in education. I would prefer to be a software engineer; working with a team to develop a specific project. Day to day I would like to meet with my team and discuss current plans and problems with the project, then work together to progress the project further. Having a team that I could get together with on a personal level would be important as well, as I would hate to spend all of my time clashing with opposing personalities. I would like to work with companies that work on cutting edge technologies that push the boundaries, such companies would include Samsara, Google, and Microsoft. These companies would definitely be a long term goal of mine to pursue for my computer science career. So while working in a team as a software developer, I would need to present my current ideas and plans in a clear and cohesive manner. As such, technical writing would allow me to properly articulate my thoughts and goals to both my peers and superiors. Furthermore, these skills would aid me in working with third parties where the companies ideas and technologies may not be as clear (https://www.computer.org/publications/tech-news/trends/why-every-developer-should-know-a-bit-of-technical-writing). Another avenue that technical writing may help with is documentation. Computer science has documentation for almost every area such as APIs, computer science languages, and various other tools. Creating clear and readable documentation would be invaluable when a company develops a new tool or solution.

